Internationalization PSR (#1259)
php-fig/fig-standards: proposed/internationalisation-meta.md

> # Internationalism Meta Document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Internationalization Meta Document
```

## 1. Summary

> Developers of components that are unattached to specific frameworks often find themselves in need of displaying a message to the user of the web application.  However, being as they are not a component of a specific framework - their options for making these messages localisable is limited.  In many cases, developers will make no attempt to pass these messages through a localisation layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers of components that are not coupled to any specific framework often find themselves in need of displaying a message to the user of the web application. However, being as they are not a component of a specific framework - their options for making these messages localisable is limited. In many cases, developers will make no attempt to pass these messages through a localization layer.
```

Reviewer: Actually, framework developers/users are interested in it since the more packages could be used in a framework the better.

To resolve this issue and encourage the localization of libraries, a standard method for translating and transforming messages is necessary.

## 3. Scope

### 3.1. Goals

> * Provide a method by which an unattached component may display a message in a language other than the one in which the component was written in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Provide a method for an indepedent component to display a message in a language other than the one in which the component was written in.
```

> * Provide a method for an indepedent component to display a message in a language other than the one in which the component was written in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Provide a method for an independent component to display a message in a language other than the one in which the component was written in.
```

Author: Good catch.  Ty.

> * Provide a method for an independent component to display a message in a language other than the one in which the component was written in.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Provide a method for an independent component to display a message in a language other than the one in which the component was written.
```

### 3.2. Non-Goals

> * This PSR does not provide a standard for adding translations of existing messages to a data store (as a language pack may).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* This PSR does not provide a standard for adding translations of existing messages to a data store (as a language pack may).  That is, this PSR is about denoting that a message is translatable, not providing the specific translations for it.
* This PSR only addresses text present in PHP code.  It is not concerned with the translation of user content stored in a database or similar data store.
```

Reviewer 4: `, not providing the specific translations for it.` is still a bit unclear for me, but I couldn't come up with a better suggestion. Maybe the whole non-goal should be reworded into something like:

```
* This PSR does not provide a standard for storing and managing translatable items and their translations.
  It does not provide a mechanism to collect translatable items.
```

Author: I've taken @vdelau's approach, and split the collection of translatable items into another bullet point.

## 4. Approaches

> To solve this, we currently aim to create an interface that an framework-independent component can rely on for transforming a message key and context into a translated and formatted string.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To solve this, we currently aim to create an interface that n framework-independent component can rely on for transforming a message key and context into a translated and formatted string.
```

Reviewer: You mean `a`?

> To solve this, we currently aim to create an interface that an framework-unaffiliated component can rely on for transforming a message key of some sort with context into a translated and formatted string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To solve this, we currently aim to create an interface that an framework-independent component can rely on for transforming a message key and context into a translated and formatted string.
```
